(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) The wind
of the changing seasons blows and the brightest
sun shines Lightly passing through the turb
ulent times I dive into the city
alone I wanna dive into paradise So that
I can find all the troubles I'm
gonna take what's mine Let it rip!
Everybody can do!
I started running My dream never stops I
won't regret it tomorrow Everybody can do!
Even if it's a little dark I
don't want to see it With a
loud curiosity I'll run as fast as
I can Run,
Honda!
For love!
Aren't you hungry?
How about stir-fried ribs and dumplings?
Chinese food?
Sounds good!
What?
Watch out, Honda!
Don't be so angry, Ryotsu.
Anyway, I'm going to buy some lunch.
I'll buy it with you.
I'll take delivery today.
I'm not going to treat you.
Are you sure?
Why didn't you tell me?
I'm going to have a special dish.
It's been a long time since I
had tonjiru.
You're such an old man.
How about you, Nakagawa?
Me?
Yes.
Hey, Nakagawa!
It's your treat.
Make it cheap.
I'll have a fried chicken bento.
Okay.
Here you go.
See you later, Nakagawa.
See you later.
It's rare to see someone with such
a different personality.
Thank you very much.
Hello.
Welcome.
Are you going to buy bento again?
Yes.
My bento is the best.
It's really delicious.
I'm glad to hear that.
What would you like to have today?
I'd like a special hirek
atsu bento and a fried chicken bent
o.
I'd like a nori bento.
And two tonjiru, please.
I'd like a special hirek
atsu bento, a fried chicken bento,
and a nori bento.
What?
Did I make a mistake?
No, it's okay.
And tonjiru, please.
Six tonjiru, please.
Okay.
Two special hirekatsu bento,
a fried chicken bento, and a nor
i bento, please.
Okay.
Here you go.
Thank you for waiting.
Thank you for coming all the way here.
I'm always grateful to you.
It's important to be grateful.
You're different from other people.
That's what the manager said.
He's talking about you.
Isn't the rice here a little dry?
You're right.
That's not true.
I'm using the best waist light.
The ass is a little salty, too.
This is just right.
This bento is the best.
There's so much love in it.
I read it.
What?
You made a lot of mistakes with the
number of bentos.
You got paid to advertise the bento
shop, didn't you?
That's not true.
I got it.
Mr. Honda.
You like the girl at the bento
shop, don't you?
No, I don't.
I see.
That clerk is cute.
How do you know that?
You can tell who it is by looking
at his red face.
I'm in trouble.
What's her name?
Megumi Hoshino.
I'm sorry.
Give up on her.
Why?
Ryo, are you still friends with her?
Help her.
Reiko.
How many times do you think she's
been out of love?
It's not once or twice.
It's a hundred times.
It's exactly 101 times.
Really?
Every time she's out of love.
But...
Stop it, Reiko.
It's impossible to be in love forever.
I won't listen to you.
Chief.
What?
It's rude to me.
It's a nice middle for killing a
girl.
Don't make a joke.
Come on.
If this is the case, I'll go
to Honda with her.
Really?
Yes.
I'll leave it to you.
Are you sure?
Yes.
I'll go with you and Megumi.
I'm counting on you.
Yes.
Chief.
How was it?
No.
I'm in love with a man.
What?
No way.
What kind of man is he?
He comes here every morning.
He says he's in love with a
white-collar worker.
I won't say anything bad.
Megumi will give up.
I'm in love with a white-
collar worker, too.
I go to the store every morning.
What did you say?
Come on, Honda.
Hey, Megumi.
Yes.
Isn't he the white-collar
worker you were talking about?
Look.
He always comes to the store.
Hello.
How is he?
Does he look like him?
No.
He doesn't look like him at all.
I'm sorry.
He has a slim figure, but he has
a tight face.
He always has his arms outstretched,
and his scarf is fluttering.
He's really manly and cool.
It's me.
Look closely.
Megumi.
His face is different.
You may not believe it, but when this
Honda rides a bike, his face and personality
are completely different.
You call him Mr. Honda.
This Honda is the best white-coll
ar worker.
He's the best white-collar
worker in the world.
That's right.
Mr. Honda is a white-collar
worker, so you know who comes to the
store every morning, right?
No, that's not it.
Yes, I do.
Please leave it to me.
What?
Mr. Honda, if you know his name, please
tell me.
Yes.
She made an unnecessary promise.
I'm sorry.
I see.
It's getting complicated.
Megumi likes Mr. Honda when he rides
a bike, so she can't be Mr.
Honda now?
Honda, there's only one way.
What should I do?
From now on, you will continue to ride
a bike in front of Megumi.
What?
That's impossible.
I know it's impossible.
If you ask her out on a bike,
she will definitely say yes.
I'm sure of it.
That may be true, but...
That's a little too much.
Men and women are important in the beginning.
If you decide there, the rest will be
fine.
Is that so?
I'm sure it's because the nice
middle of killing women says so.
I'll do it.
Mr. Honda.
I like her.
If I can date such a wonderful person,
I don't care what happens next.
All right.
It's decided.
All we have to do is attack.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Mana.
I'm sorry.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Megumi Hoshino.
What's your name?
I'm Honda.
Are you Mr. Honda, too?
No, I'm Honda's friend, Suzuki.
What's your name?
I'm Suzuki.
I can't ride a bike with a
woman.
How about it?
Would you give your life to me and
feel the wind with me?
Yes, I'd love to.
Then I'll pick you up here at
9 a.
m.
on Sunday.
Yes, sir.
See you.
Take this!
Now I've got the prize money.
What's up, Mr. Honda?
I did it.
I'm going on a date on Sunday.
I see.
You did it.
Listen.
Don't get off the bike during the
date.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Suzuki!
What is it?
I didn't think the wind would feel
so good.
Really?
That's good.
I'm Suzuki, right?
Don't run around with your sister.
Who are you guys chasing?
Mr. Honda!
I'm not Honda.
I'm Suzuki.
I'm sorry.
I didn't think you were Mr. Honda.
I'm Suzuki, you idiot!
Please forgive me, Mr. Suzuki!
I'm glad you understand.
I'll forgive you for today.
But if you do that again, you'll
pay for it.
Are you all right?
If you're with me, I won't
be afraid.
All right.
Hold on tight.
Yes, sir.
That's strange.
I'm sure he's Mr. Honda.
Mr. Suzuki
is really strong and manly.
I'm impressed.
I was surprised.
Do you want to see a movie?
Yes.
The station is open.
I always look at it like this.
Don't worry about it.
You've changed.
You're the best partner.
The motorcycle and I are one body.
What's wrong?
Actually, he's going to America today.
Did you have a lover?
Are you going to America?
Megumi, are you going to America with
me?
No, it's nothing.
Two years go by quickly.
We'll see each other again.
Is that all?
You can go to America or wherever you
want.
Goodbye.
But it's okay.
It's over.
He's such a manly man.
I'm not going to sleep.
After all, men should be manly like
Mr. Suzuki.
I see.
Let's go home.
Yes.
Excuse me.
Welcome.
What's wrong?
Please wait here.
It's done.
It's leaking.
How was your date?
As you said, I was riding a motorcycle
all the time.
It was perfect.
I see.
Megumi.
Mr. Yamamoto.
Please don't bother me.
Who do you think I had a date
with?
Who is that man?
Actually, the man I had a date with
is going to America today.
Hey, Honda.
Explain to me.
Who is he?
Wait, you bastard!
Before I leave, I want to tell you
how I feel.
Ms. Megumi.
I like you.
I want to marry you.
I have a plane ticket for you.
I want you to come with me if
you can.
You said that all of a sudden.
That's right.
It's impossible, isn't it?
I'm always like this.
Well, take care.
You're late.
Do you have a passport?
I'm asking if you have one.
When we get to your house, let's
go on a touring with Narita next
time.
Damn it!
You bastard!
If I see you again, I'll arrest
you.
Hey, Honda!
What's with Honda?
You like him, don't you?
You like Yamamoto, don't you?
I see.
Manliness isn't just about looks.
I think it's manly to keep
thinking about the woman you like all the
time.
Mr. Suzuki.
I can't believe I'm stuck in
a place like this.
What time does the plane leave?
7 o'clock.
Damn it.
I can't make it like this.
Yamamoto!
Thank you, everyone.
Hey, hey.
Don't look so down.
If you're going to Los Angeles, that
means you're on the right track.
Well, I'm going.
Do your best.
Yeah.
Take care.
Call me from time to time.
Do your best.
Megumi.
Tell her.
I'm going with you.
Take me with you.
Megumi.
How long are you going to hold me?
If you don't hurry, you'll be
late.
Mr. Suzuki.
How can I thank you?
Can I?
Don't worry about me.
Let's go.
Yes.
Thank you very much.
Mr. Honda.
It was you.
Goodbye, Megumi.
You were such a good girl.
Your 102nd love...
I know.
Don't cry.
I'm sorry.
It's been six months.
It can't be helped.
But, Honda.
You're playing the role of Cupid,
the love of a woman you love.
You're too nice.
You're an idiot.
You're just like Ryo-san
when he was young.
Just like you, Ryo-san got
drunk here Dad, don't say that.
Well, that's fine.
Hey, Honda-san.
Your 102nd love is so sweet.
Ryo-san has been seduced
over 300 times.
Really?
I feel so energetic.
Mr. Honda.
Let's drink a lot.
Oh, no.
If I get drunk, I'll get scolded
by my boss again.
It's what you always do.
What?
Damn it.
I'm so drunk.
I'll drink all the alcohol in the
bar.
Yes, Mr. Honda.
The End Thank you for coming.
Oh, you only serve tea, sir?
My cute subordinates came all the
way to the mountains.
Please treat us to something.
Next time, On the Secret of the Oh
ara Family Please watch it.
I tried to stop the clock I tried
to stop the clock But time goes by
Don't look down on me Let's
live with a smile Even if it
rains today Even if it rains today Tomorrow
will be sunny Bye-bye Let's
wave our hands Let's say goodbye to
the bad things Let's live the way
we like There are good things Outside the
door The sun is calling